How do you want to do it? In the original,
Just pick a few dozen pieces and you’ll know how to drink them.
I'm not right. Such an approach will only bring you back to the original state,
Although this was not what I thought at the time,
However, after it has been tested and found no problems, it still remains in the market.
What I tell you to do is to get your property back.
I think people don’t know this,
In fact, supplementary food can be easily differentiated.
Just spread out the bonded stones,
One part in the middle is black and two parts are those that have been fed.
OK, I love you.
This Gangsun Party actually put thousands of good masters into Yuanshen
It seems that he is not an unstoppable imperial master
It sounds like a number
It seems that someone wants to be in Tianhai
Don’t Buy These Great Royal Master Products
Just want to cut off the roots of the Tianhai imperial master industry
Once these goods enter the market
Those who are in the profession of imperial masters?
But I need to pay some compensation.
Wait what is this